Big stars really are different.
Don't just look at how unrealistically handsome he is on TV.
But looking closely like this...
He looks even less real than on TV.
Nothing to be surprised about.
Stars are people too.
Oh my god.
So handsome.
These kids...
since when did they learn to climb windows?
Auntie Cai.
One of Ms. Liu's students is here.
Guess who it is.
Who?
Zhang Tianyu.
Zhang Tianyu?
Don't know him.
Zhang Tian...
How could you not know Zhang Tianyu?
He's a big star!
How old is he? Does he have a partner?
Auntie Cai,
stars don't need you to set them up.
Right.
Stars have to stay single.
Make room, let me see.
Move over.
Let me have a look.
Tianyu.
Back then,
in your class of students,
the one I had the least...
hope for was you.
I mean, aside from having a good image,
your lines, movement, voice...
right?
Especially that head of yours,
you were completely dense.
Who would have thought?
Look at you now.
The most successful one...
is actually you.
It must be talent plus hard work.
Our Tianyu...
is really super hardworking.
Just to maintain this figure,
gym, running, dieting, inducing vomiting...
Ev...
That last one isn't true!
Good that it's not.
In short,
Tianyu
is really tough on himself.
Otherwise, that recent...
latest season of Running Man...
how would they have picked our Tianyu?
Is that so?
That's great.
That is really great.
There is one thing,
your teacher has to remind you of.
Young people...
when it comes to relationships between men and women,
you must control yourself.
Don't be too casual.
You mustn't mess around.
With social media these days,
the slightest thing...
gets you exposed.
You know, how...
Ms. Liu,
is it that these past two days...
you heard some...
rumors or something?
Is that it?
You absolutely must not believe the nonsense on social media.
Saying our Tianyu is...
with so-and-so...
doing this and that.
Let me tell you,
it's all completely fabricated.
Just chasing clout.
I get it.
Just ordinary audiences,
following shows and stars,
enjoying the gossip and scoops.
A bit like our Little Cai here.
Who is Little Cai?
Here I am!
See? As soon as I mention Little Cai,
Little Cai arrives.
This must be that famous heartthrob, right?
Yes.
He's really good-looking.
Just like a young girl.
Tianyu.
It's about time.
Right.
Ms. Liu.
We came here today
mainly to thank you
for educating and nurturing me.
And also to wish you a Happy Teachers' Day.
Thank you.
The gift.
Here.
Look at that, so thoughtful.
You shouldn't have, really.
What a good kid.
Well, we've disturbed you for so long,
we should head back now.
We're taking off.
Okay.
Happy holiday.
Let's go.
Don't go just yet.
The business between you two,
surely you're done talking, right?
Yes.
We...
are done talking.
Children,
come on in.
Zhang Tianyu!
My idol, Zhang Tianyu!
I like you so much!
So handsome!
Come on,
one by one.
I'll take photos for you.
Take photos.
Teacher's Day is here
Students are coming to visit Ms. Liu
It's only natural
Grandpa Li
You don't understand
This Zhang Tianyu
he is a top celebrity now
He came
chatted with Grandma Liu for half an hour
and when leaving our retirement community
he was stuck for two hours
Traffic was completely paralyzed
Ms. Liu has worked hard all her life
Having such an outstanding student
is quite normal
Grandpa Li, look
I even got an autograph
What is written here?
Zhang what?
Zhang Tianyu
He wrote in English
A Chinese person
why sign an English name?
Grandpa Li
you don't understand
This is something he
paid someone
to design specially
Just these ghostly scribbles?
I can draw three in a moment
Wouldn't I become a ghost?
Grandpa Li
you don't understand
You keep saying "I don't understand"
What does that mean?
Just like those students of mine back then
idling about all day long
chasing those Hong Kong and Taiwan stars
You aren't a teacher
where would you get students?
I'm not a teacher
but that didn't stop my subordinates
from respecting me like a teacher
During festivals
they would bring tea and fruits
and boxes of pastries to see me
So annoying
Unlike certain people
who were teachers all their lives
Teacher's Day is here
and not a single visitor
Unlike certain people
who were teachers all their lives
Teacher's Day is almost here
and not a single person comes to visit
Why don't you refute me?
You just don't understand
Why do you all say that?
It would be better if no one came
Look
The visit
isn't it here?
Someone really came to see you?
Let me see
Don't
You really aren't polite, are you?
Didn't you tell me to look?
What is written here?
It's all messy
Which country is your student from?
Why didn't he write Chinese characters?
He went straight for Pinyin?
He's Chinese
He wrote in Cantonese
Grandpa Fan
What does this mean?
Translate it for us.
His student says...
He's coming to visit him.
But not to pay his respects.
Don't expect a box of pastries or anything.
He's coming to settle a score.
Because back then...
When he was in school...
Professor Fan bullied him.
Bul...
Wait, no.
That little bit translated into all that?
Cantonese is amazing.
Isn't it just?
Old Li.
Do you really know Cantonese?
I do.
Like hell I do.
Then how did you know just now...
about him coming to settle a score?
I guessed it.
Did you really...
bully him back then?
Who?
Back then, I was...
You wouldn't understand.
Again with the "I wouldn't understand"?
I don't understand.
Fine, I don't understand.
What don't I understand?
You understand.
I don't understand.
See for yourself.
Which one is your...
Teacher?
Okay.
Excuse me, who are you looking for?
Teacher.
My surname is Li.
Not Xi.
We don't have anyone named Xi here.
You've got the wrong person.
You are my teacher.
I am your student.
I am He Ziqiang.
He Jiqiang?
I've mentored many juniors...
but never a He Jiqiang.
Not He Jiqiang.
It's He Ziqiang.
"Zi" as in "oneself".
He Ziqiang.
Remember now?
Still no.
I'm the one you hated the most!
The one you hated the most?
Then it might be him.
He's quite hateable.
Teacher.
Thank you for taking care of me all those years.
No, wait a minute.
Who are you?
Teacher.
How can you not remember me?
I don't know you at all.
Besides, I've never been a teacher.
Is he looking for Ms. Liu?
She has students all over the world.
Teacher.
You...
Wait, that's not right.
The gender is wrong.
My teacher is a man.
And his surname isn't Liu.
His surname is Fan.
Surname Huan? Huan?
Yes.
There's no surname Huan in the Book of Surnames.
That's right.
It's the one...
The Fan as in "meal".
Fan!
It's Professor Fan.
Old Fan.
Old Fan is...
Old...
Where's Old Fan?
What is this?
I'm not dead yet.
Teacher.
It seems
you still can't let go of the past with me.
Say it.
What do I have to do
for you to forgive yourself?
You should just...
Why should I forgive myself?
What a joke.
Back then,
did I do anything to wrong you?
No.
It's precisely because
of your strict teachings, Teacher,
that I am where I am today.
Where you are today?
I forgot to ask.
Where are you currently
holding a high position?
Teacher,
you've finally asked that question.
To be honest, Teacher,
I am the owner of five
listed companies worth over a hundred million.
Just the employees under me
number over twenty thousand.
Professor Fan,
your prophecy
didn't come true.
I...
I understand.
I get it now.
You coming here today
isn't to visit me.
It's specifically to show off to me.
You're here to demonstrate your power.
Teacher,
I'm just here to
report to you
on these years,
and the tiny little achievements I've made.
I don't accept your provocation.
Go.
Please leave here.
No, Teacher...
And these gifts...
No.
Take them all away.
Go.
Teacher...
And this too.
Go!
I don't mean to criticize you,
but you've always been like this.
Pig-headed and unreasonable.
A student finally comes to visit,
and you chased him away.
Alright.
You don't understand anything.
This student...
Here we go again.
So say it.
Do I have to chase you for answers?
Yeah, what actually happened?
Right.
Back then, the kid was just a kid.
How big of a sin could he have committed?
This kid...
cheated on an exam back then.
I caught him in the act and he was expelled.
That is a question of character.
That has to be dealt with strictly anywhere.
Couldn't you have been more tactical back then?
This kid definitely holds a grudge.
He's pinned this whole debt on you.
He just said
he's coming back tomorrow.
Tomorrow...
His expulsion was the college's decision.
I even kept suggesting
to change it to a demerit.
He's coming back tomorrow.
Will he take revenge on me?
You guys help me think of a way.
Don't worry.
Leave this to me.
Tomorrow, listen to me for everything.
Meeting adjourned.
Shouldn't I be the one announcing that?
It's broad daylight
why are you wearing sunglasses?
Auntie Cai said
it looks stylish
It's scorching hot
why are you wearing a scarf?
Auntie Cai said
it has an aura
Come on
I'm not crippled or paralyzed
why sit in a wheelchair?
Auntie Cai said
it looks imposing
Come on
Come, let's go
Little Cai is acting so mysterious
what exactly is the plan?
Auntie Cai said
first, Grandpa Li,
Uncle Liang, and herself
will block the courtyard gate
to keep He Jiqiang...
that He Ziqiang out of our territory
reason with him
and move him with emotion
Then, when they're just about done
I'll push you out like this
the enemy will surely retreat
without a fight
Okay
Excuse me, where are you going?
Sir
we've met before
I'm here to find my teacher
Mr. Fan
Halt
You want to see Mr. Fan
but Mr. Fan doesn't want to see you
Mr. Fan told me to tell you...
About face
If you don't obey orders, I'll call security
Sir
you...
you have to hear me out
After I've explained
I promise...
About face, quick march
Fine
I need to know the ins and outs
I can't just listen to Old Fan's side of the story
right?
Come
sit down
let's have a chat, man to man
Okay
Zhu Zhu
push me out
Let's see how Mr. Li's psychological warfare
is coming along
That's really Old Fan's fault
how could he say such a thing?
But he is my teacher after all
If between the two of us
one must bow their head and apologize
then I can only sacrifice myself
What a good student
hard to find these days
Let's go
follow me into the yard
Is this appropriate?
Didn't my teacher send you to stop me?
He send me?
What a joke
I outrank him
Let's go, follow me in
Come, Little He.
Sit here.
Wait a minute.
I told you to stop him.
Why did you invite him in?
What's wrong with having a chat?
Listening to both sides brings clarity.
Let me introduce you.
This is Mr. Liang.
Get to know each other.
Mr. Liang.
Is he that big star's dad?
Yes.
That's right.
You know this too?
How could I not know?
Everyone's talking about it.
Uncle Liang,
I wanted to ask you,
is it possible for me
to invest in Miss Bai's
movie production?
Absolutely!
Brother,
let's add each other on WeChat.
I'll scan you.
What are you doing?
I say,
you two...
I'm telling you two, this is called
dereliction of duty.
That seems inaccurate.
Inviting a wolf into the house.
Not that bad.
Treason and defecting.
Too serious, that's a huge crime.
Colluding.
That's the one.
This must be that
famous matchmaker,
Auntie Cai, right?
He knows that too.
Auntie Cai,
I'm actually single.
Could you introduce me
to a suitable girl?
You want a partner?
Yes.
Absolutely!
I'll go get the photos for you right now.
Pick whoever you like. Just wait.
Just a moment.
Hold on.
You two uncles,
do you think
my teacher
will
see me today?
No problem.
Let's go.
Professor Fan
What are you all
trying to do?
Professor Fan, what are you doing?
The poor kid is sincere
and came all this way.
What's wrong with letting the kid speak?
Exactly.
As far as I know,
this is all just a misunderstanding.
It'll be fine once we talk it out.
That's right.
There is no misunderstanding!
Cheating on an exam.
If I caught it today,
I'd still confiscate the paper.
Professor...
I actually...
Please.
Get out.
I won't listen.
You all saw it.
My professor's state today...
he won't let me speak.
Come on, Professor Fan.
Professor.
Please don't be angry.
I'll go.
I'll go, okay?
I'm leaving.
Kid,
where are you going?
We haven't had a proper chat yet.
Look at this girl.
I'll come back tomorrow.
Go!
Don't ever come back!
Professor Fan, what are you doing?
Go!
No one's listening to you.
Kid,
come to Auntie's room to see photos.
Come, follow me.
Then I...
I'll go too.
Wait a minute.
You haven't accepted my WeChat request yet.
Why aren't you leaving?
Where am I supposed to go?
This is my room too.
Grandpa Fan
Can you get full eating so little?
I can't eat.
I'm full from anger.
Please don't be angry.
If you get angry,
you'll fall for He Ziqiang's trap.
When I was in high school,
I also made a mistake once.
The teacher criticized me by name.
I held a grudge for a long time.
All I wanted was
to get into a good university,
just to spite him later.
So, I think
He Ziqiang is here to upset you.
Child,
your analysis makes sense.
I've never looked at this issue
from a student's perspective.
Later on,
when I saw that teacher,
not only did I not spite him,
but I actually felt quite regretful.
Why is that?
Originally, I
wanted to make some snide remarks.
But unexpectedly, the teacher
beat me to it.
He made snide remarks first.
No,
that's not it.
He asked me
how I was doing,
if I was used to living away from home,
and if I was getting along with people.
It made me feel quite ashamed.
I realized I was in the wrong.
The teacher meant well for me,
but I was being petty,
holding a grudge against him for years.
Even now,
I visit that teacher every year I go home.
Grandpa Fan.
Grandpa Fan?
How about
I walk you back?
No need.
I want to sit by myself for a while.
Alright, you sit.
I'll go eat over there.
I didn't expect,
Teacher,
that you would reach out to me first.
I didn't expect it myself either.
Teacher,
when I was expelled back then,
it was my own doing.
It had nothing to do with you.
Since that's the case,
why did you come all the way here
just to annoy me endlessly?
It was because of what you said.
Me?
What did I say?
When I was being expelled,
you said,
"This child is a lost cause."
"No morals, no bottom line."
"For his whole life,"
"he won't amount to anything."
These words,
I heard them all.
No,
I...
did I say such things?
Why don't I remember that?
You may not remember,
but do you know
how much those words provoked me,
do you have any idea?
Child,
Back then, I
was wrong.
Is it because you saw
me now,
and all this,
that you think you were wrong?
No.
It's not because
I see you now
that I say this.
But because I realized
that as a teacher,
I shouldn't make
such a conclusion about a student.
Your teacher
sincerely apologizes to you.
Teacher,
Please don't be like this.
If you apologize,
I can't say the rest.
Say whatever you have to say.
I am ready
to accept all your criticism.
It's not criticism.
I need to apologize.
Teacher,
I apologize to you.
I'm sorry.
I should be the one apologizing.
It's me.
Listen to me, child.
Listen to me.
Back then, I
really shouldn't have
made that conclusion about you.
Teacher,
Your conclusion wasn't wrong.
I...
I shouldn't have
borrowed a luxury car to trick you.
What?
You...
Your luxury car is borrowed?
Yes.
And this suit,
belt,
watch,
and gold chain.
I borrowed them all from friends and relatives.
Just to prove myself
in front of you.
So now you...
Teacher,
You have a poisonous tongue.
I've achieved nothing.
I failed your mentorship.
Child,
Don't be like that.
I'll make another prediction.
In the future,
you will definitely succeed.
Great.
So it was all fake.
Then...
all those photos of girls
I showed you for nothing.
Wait,
What about investing in my daughter's movie?
Is there still a chance?
There's a chance.
Wait ten years.
After I've made my mark,
I'll come back.
I'll just
block him.
Right.
The teacher's conclusion
is never wrong.
Where is Ms. Liu?
Isn't she with you?
No.
What's up?
Something happened! Something big!
What happened?
Ms. Liu's celebrity student Zhang Tianyu
his reputation is in ruins.
Reported by Chaoyang Residents.
Let's go tell Grandma Liu.
Quick, yes.
Right.
What do you mean "in ruins"?
How did the house collapse?
Did it hit anyone?
I don't know.